# Assignment 3
*By Chad Lape*

# Text
Joshua Hale and I will create "90s Net" as our project. Our projects goal is to create a virtual network that emulates the network of UC in the 90s. The original purpose of this network would be for Cyber Competitions to take place on this platform. The platform would host vulnerable machines and a virtual network which competitiors could monitor and attack. Safe networks where you can hack the machines on are a great training tool for any Cybersecurity student. This project would bring real experience that is applicable in the real world for work. In addition, this will serve as a great experience to learn more about virtualization, cloud computing, and other technologies that will be utilized.

  

There is a wide range of courses that will apply knowledge to the project. CS 4065 Computer Networks will guide insight into the creation of a realistic network topology that can be traversed by a competitor attacker. Realistic network traffic requires them to be able to filter through to the important network traffic. With CS5155 and CS5156, Cyber Defense Overview and Security Vulnerability Assessment would assist in the senior design. Cyber Defense Overview discussed network security as well as intrusion detection and mitigation, which will apply to creating a realistic network to be targeted. Security and Vulnerability Assessment also focused on software and operating system vulnerabilities which will be applied to making targets that are difficult but not impossible for someone to hack into. EECE 4029 and EECE 5126 Are both operating systems classes with the second being focused on distributed operating systems. These both will connect with the project attempting to create virtualized computers that will network together. A better understanding of distributed operating systems and principles will assist in this aspect.

  

My time at Northrop Grumman here in Cincinnati as a Cyber Security Engineering Coop will apply to the project as well, in the testing, network security, and vulnerability assessment. In testing, my time at Northrop Grumman included the development of testing on embedded systems and other systems that needed automated testing. Sometimes this could involve a requirement to visualize systems to run commands on them where pertinent to the test. All of which will apply heavily to this current system. At Northrop Grumman, there was also an emphasis on Network Security, and working on those networks and seeing how they worked also helped me to learn more about how networks work and their security. Much of my work was focused on the offensive cyber security domain, which would apply to this project. A lot of red team instruction needs to have test beds where people can safely practice their stuff.

  

This project was motivated to provide more education within cyber competitions, I am excited about the potential for this project to be a useful tool for the Cyber@UC org and others. The primary motivation for this project was to provide a way to run Attack Defense CTFs with the student organization Cyber@UC. 90s Net would provide a platform that would enable a more realistic CTF environment for students to practice. This would most likely also become an open-source project that could be extended or maintained by future Cyber@UC students and even used by other student organizations. I am excited about this project as it is a fantastic idea to create and if done right could be used for many years to come for future Cyber@UC events. The project will also require a lot of research into tools relating to network intrusion and emulation of virtual machines that I have grown more interested in over the years.

  

Our approach to the solution, evaluating its accomplishments, and the contributions of the team members. We will first interview faculty about the UC network from the 90s to figure out aspects about it we want to simulate. We will set goals about what we can realistically emulate given the hardware we may have available. After this will come the creating of the virtualized network and hardware, with an interface to control it. The expected result of this project is a realistic network that can be interacted with by outside agents. We will know if it is a good job if we can get all of this done in the allotted time frame. We will attempt to divide tasks and will agree to each of the taskings which are given.
