# Project Constraints Essay
*Chad Lape and Joshua Hale*

The project will satisfy various constraints, including but not limited to economics, ethics, maintenance, and security. 
The economic constraints would center on the hardware used and computing resources available. Our implementation will run on a server maintained by a student organization. The project would use preexisting implementations of scalable deployment such that it runs on any hardware given to it.
The ethical constraints of this project center on this project becoming a testing ground for modern-day malware. With this simulating a network from the 90s, this live-fire environment would be irrelevant for any modern attackers. Any risk of this is minimal as a simulation of a corporate network would already require intimate knowledge of that network's inner workings.
This software's purpose would be constrained if it were esoteric to others. It must be easily extendable to fit the needs of other projects which rely on it. In addition, future project maintainers should be able to quickly understand its workings. It must also be relatively easy to know given a basic knowledge of cloud computing and such so that maintainers would not be burdened with months of learning just this tool alone.
The security of contestants is of utmost importance as connections to the live-fire environment will come into contact with malicious software. Implementation of proxies and networking rules can help mitigate the threat to contestants. We will conduct further research to safely sandbox the network from outside resources.